# Change Log
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## Unreleased
### Added
* New `cloudSdkVersion` parameter to specify desired Cloud SDK version.
* Cloud SDK and java app-engine components are automatically installed when `cloudSdkHome` is not provided. ([#247](../../issues/247))
* Cloud SDK installation is verified when `cloudSdkHome` and `cloudSdkVersion` are configured. ([#248](../../issues/248))
* New `<serviceAccountKeyFile>` configuration parameter, and `appengine:cloudSdkLogin` goal. ([#268](../../issues/268))
* New `appengineDeployAll` task to deploy application with all valid yaml configs simultaneously. ([#273](../../issues/273), [#277](../../issues/277))

### Changed
* Upgrade App Engine Plugins Core dependency to 0.5.2.
* `cloudSdkPath` has been replaced with `cloudSdkHome`. ([#257](../../issues/257))
* Remove deprecated `appYamls` parameter. ([#162](../../issues/162))
* `project` and `version` are no longer pulled from the global gcloud state. `project` must be configured
in either pom.xml using the `<project>` tag or in appengine-web.xml using the `<application>` tag. 
`version` may be left unconfigured to be generated by gcloud, or it may be configured in your pom.xml or 
appengine-web.xml. To read values from appengine-web.xml, set the system property `deploy.read.appengine.web.xml=true`. ([#285](../../issues/285))

### Fixed

## 1.3.2
### Added
* New `<additionalArguments>` parameter to pass additional arguments to Dev App Server ([#219](../../pulls/219)),
relevant pull request in App Engine Plugins Core:
[appengine-plugins-core/433](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/appengine-plugins-core/pull/433)

### Changed
* Upgrade App Engine Plugins Core dependency to 0.3.9 ([#219](../../pulls/219))

## 1.3.1
### Added
* New `<environment>` parameter to pass environment variables to Dev App Server ([#183](../../pulls/183)),
relevant pull request in App Engine Plugins Core:
[appengine-plugins-core/378](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/appengine-plugins-core/pull/378)
and [appengine-plugins-core/381](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/appengine-plugins-core/pull/381)

### Changed
* Upgrade App Engine Plugins Core dependency to 0.3.2 ([#183](../../pulls/183))

## 1.3.0
No changes compared to 1.3.0-rc2.

## 1.3.0-rc2
### Fixed

* Setting appEngineDirectory for GAE Standard projects has no effect ([#173](../../issues/173))

## 1.3.0-rc1
### Added

* New goals to deploy App Engine configuration XMLs/YMLs separately. ([#155](../../issues/155))
* Dev Appserver1 integration ([#158](../../issues/158))
* New parameter `devserverVersion` to change between Java Dev Appserver 1 and 2-alpha for local runs.
* Primitive [User Guide](USER_GUIDE.md)

### Changed

* Javadoc update to indicate which parameters are supported by Java Dev Appserver 1 and 2-alpha. ([#167](../../issues/167))
* Default local dev server is Java Dev Appserver1
* `appYamls` parameter is deprecated in favor of `services`

### Fixed

* :deploy goal should quietly skip non-war projects ([#171](../../issues/85))

## 1.2.1
### Fixed

* "Directories are not supported" issue when deploying ([#144](../../issues/144))
